New Bonsai Foundry Template (#74)
risc0/bonsai-foundry-template: README.md

# RISC Zero Foundry Template

> **Note: This software is not production ready. Do not use in production.**

Starter template for writing an application using [RISC Zero] and Ethereum.

This repository implements an application on Ethereum utilizing RISC Zero as a [coprocessor] to the smart contract application.

> It provides a starting point for building powerful new applications on Ethereum that offload computationally intensive (i.e. gas expensive), or difficult to implement.

Reviewer: Maybe this would read better?

```suggestion
It provides a starting point for building powerful new applications on Ethereum that can benefit from offloading computationally intensive tasks (i.e. gas expensive), or code logic that would be difficult to implement in Solidity.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for finding this mangled sentence. I think the suggestion is a bit verbose. I wrote up a version here that I think fixes the issue while being a bit more direct in language. (I also decided "difficult to implement" could use an example).
```suggestion
It provides a starting point for building powerful new applications on Ethereum that offload computationally intensive (i.e. gas expensive), or would be difficult to implement Solidity (e.g. ed25519 signature verification, or HTML parsing).
```

> **Note: This software is not production ready. Do not use in production.**

Starter template for writing an application using [RISC Zero] and Ethereum.

This repository implements an application on Ethereum utilizing [Bonsai] as a [coprocessor] to the smart contract application.
It provides a starting point for building powerful new applications on Ethereum that offload computationally intensive (i.e. gas expensive), or difficult to implement, tasks to be proven by the [RISC Zero zkVM].
Verifiable results are sent to your Ethereum contract.

[RISC Zero]: https://www.risczero.com/
[Bonsai]: https://dev.bonsai.xyz/
[coprocessor]: https://twitter.com/RiscZero/status/1677316664772132864

> [RISC Zero zkVM]: https://dev.risczero.com/zkvm

Reviewer 3: All links should go at bottom of file

## Overview

Here is a simplified overview of how devs can integrate RISC Zero, with [Bonsai] proving, into their Ethereum smart contracts:

![Bonsai Foundry Template Diagram](images/bonsai-foundry-template.png)

1. Run your application logic in the [RISC Zero zkVM]. The provided Command Line Interface (CLI) sends an off-chain proof request to the [Bonsai] proving service.
2. [Bonsai] generates the program result, written to the [journal], and a SNARK proof of its correctness.
3. The CLI submits this proof and journal on-chain to your app contract for validation.
4. Your app contract calls the [RISC Zero Verifier] to validate the proof. If the verification is successful, the journal is deemed trustworthy and can be safely used.

[journal]: https://dev.risczero.com/terminology#journal
[RISC Zero Verifier]: https://github.com/risc0/risc0/blob/release-0.20/bonsai/ethereum/contracts/IRiscZeroVerifier.sol

## Dependencies

First, [install Rust] and [Foundry], and then restart your terminal. Next, you will need to install the `cargo risczero` tool.

```sh
# Install Rust
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
# Install Foundry
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
```

> We'll use `cargo binstall` to get `cargo-risczero` installed. See [cargo-binstall] for more details.

Reviewer 3: We should refer to the installation page

```
Congratulations! You've just built your first Bonsai project.
Your new project consists of:
- a [`zkVM program`] (written in Rust), which specifies a computation that will be proven;
- a [`contract`] (written in Solidity), which receives the response;

> - an [`interface`] (written in Rust), which lets you define how to parse input and output so that your contract can interact with Bonsai. 

Reviewer 4: Looks like this is missing the other side of the hyperlink

```
Congratulations! You've just built your first Bonsai project.
Your new project consists of:
- a [`zkVM program`] (written in Rust), which specifies a computation that will be proven;
- a [`contract`] (written in Solidity), which receives the response;
- an [`interface`] (written in Rust), which lets you define how to parse input and output so that your contract can interact with Bonsai. 

[install Rust]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html
[Foundry]: https://getfoundry.sh/
[cargo-binstall]: https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall#cargo-binaryinstall
[`zkVM program`]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template/tree/main/methods/guest/src/bin
[`contract`]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template/tree/main/contracts
[`interface`]: https://github.com/risc0/bonsai-foundry-template/tree/main/cli/src/interface.rs

### Test Your Project
- Use `cargo build` to test compilation of your zkVM program.
- Use `cargo test` to run the tests in your zkVM program.

> - Use `RISC0_DEV_MODE=false forge test -vvv` to test your Solidity contracts and their interaction with your zkVM program.

Author: Yeah here dev_mode would trigger the deployment of a RISCZeroVerifierTest rather than the real deal

export BONSAI_API_URL="BONSAI_URL" # provided with your api key
```

Now if you run `forge test` with `RISC0_DEV_MODE=false`, the test will run as before, but will additionally use the fully verifying `RiscZeroGroth16Verifier` contract instead of `RiscZeroGroth16VerifierTest` and will request a SNARK receipt from Bonsai.

```bash
RISC0_DEV_MODE=false forge test
```

## Next Steps
To build your application, you'll need to make changes in three folders:
- write the code you want proven in the [methods] folder
- write the on-chain part of your project in the [contracts] folder

> - write the Rust interface of your contract

Reviewer 4: where/how do i do this?
